{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 NotoSerif;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 NotoSerif-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red18\green31\blue60;\red255\green255\blue255;\red10\green22\blue51;
\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c9020\c16863\c30196;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c3529\c11765\c25882;
\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww38200\viewh21600\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs54 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li1455\fi-16\sl600\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1455\fi-16\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 UX Designer Interview Questions\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1455\fi-16\sl340\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf4  - Why would you like to be a UX designer?\cb1 \
\cb3  - Why is UX design important?\cf2 \
\cf4  - What value are you adding to the department?\
 - Business: \'93What do you see in us, why do you want to work here?\'94\
 - Tell me about a challenge you have faced and how you have overcome it.\
 - What are your strengths and weaknesses\
 - Do you work well with a team?\
 - Tell me about yourself\
 - How do you keep up with the standards of the design world?\
\
\

\f1\b Questions for us to ask the employer\

\f0\b0  - What does success look like for this role?\
 - What is immediate success?\
 - \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li1455\fi-16\sl600\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1455\fi-16\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 UX Designer Interview Questions\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1455\fi-16\sl340\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf4  - How do you feel about rounded corners?\cb1 \
\cb3  - Prove ability to react to change in business requirements\cb1 \
\cb3  - Whiteboard/sketch your last application\
 - What level of designer do you consider yourself?\
 - Demonstrate understanding of Waterfall vs Agile\cb1 \
\cb3  - Who wins, user or business?\cb1 \
\cb3  - Tell me about your front to back design process for an MVP\cb1 \
\cb3  - Define Jakob\'92s Law, or whiteboard a header design for an Ecommerce experience\cb1 \
\cb3  - Explain a cloud-based sketch UI Component library\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1455\fi-16\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0  - What kind of positions have you held in the past?\
 - What would you expect your day to be like as a User Experience Designer?\
 - Experience with testing?\
 - How to compromise or disagree with an internal team. Example?\
 - We need employees that are empowered to solve problems on their own\'85 proactive (If you say you are going to do something\'85 DO IT)\
 - Why transferring positions?\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1455\fi-16\sl340\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 - What brings you to this company?\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\li1445\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\
\
\
\

\f1\b Class Questions:\

\f0\b0  - What is your greatest fault?\
 - Tell me about a project that didn\'92t go well.\
 - Tell me about a success you have had?\
 - What is your favorite font?\
 - What has lead you towards this position in UX?\
 - What is one thing you would change about your favorite app and why?\
 - Can you walk me through your workflow? What a problem you identified and how did you solve it?\
 - What design principals do you use most and why?\
 - What are 3 ways you use to manage stress?\
 - Explain the situation or project where you were really dependent on your team members and how did you bring value to the project?\
 - Have you ever had to restart completely on a project or task and how did it make you feel?\
 - What is the most fun part of UX designing for you?\
 - What motivates you in your work?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1455\fi-16\sl340\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1455\fi-16\sl600\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 \cb3 UX Designer - Job Description (Level II: Above Junior, not quite Senior)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1455\fi-16\sl600\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li1455\fi-16\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \cb1 Scope (why this job exists):\
You will join our agile development team as a User Experience Designer. You will apply micro / macro, user-centric and requirements-driven thinking to collaborate with multi-disciplinary teams daily. You can sketch out any idea quickly and articulate them in a simple and clear way. Conducting user research and synthesizing it into artifacts like personas is part of the role as well as shaping the information architecture of products with sitemaps, user scenarios and user flows. Relentless attention to detail is required to create wireframes and functional specifications at a fast pace for highly complex solutions. Creating complex interactive prototypes in varying levels of fidelity is also part of the role.\
\
\
Essential Duties:\
* Support. Works with team members to develop streamlined user experience processes.\
* Develop. Proactively pursues opportunities to improve the strategy to better address client and user objectives.\
* Creative craft skills. Sets up and conducts user research and works with research partners to fill research and usability testing needs.\
* Idea generation. Capable of defining consumers, processes, and ideas from an objective point of view based on research and insight.\
* Leadership. Takes personal responsibility for on-time deliverables. Actively educates internal groups about user experience and provides a significant contribution to the development of client relationships. Is an advocate on behalf of user experience within the company at large\
* Meet with users and partners to identify and support improvements across digital platforms\
* Identify and integrate user needs with business requirements to build simple and elegant design solutions\
* Design and create user journeys navigation and wireframes through an iterative design\
\
\
Qualifications & Skills:\
* 3+ years of experience as a UX Designer building digital software products\
* Proficient with wireframing software such as Sketch, Adobe Experience Designer, etc.\
* Proficient with prototyping software such as Invision\
* Shown ability to craft compelling stories around a user\'92s experience\
* Experience working within cross-functional teams throughout the design process\
* Excellent written/verbal communication and teamwork skills\
* Experience defining user experience goals and metrics\
* Proven ability working in fast-paced environment with shifting priorities\
* Atlassian Products (JIRA / Confluence) experience is a plus\
* Scrum/Agile project implementation processes is a plus\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1455\fi-16\sl600\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
 - What problems have you been asked to serve\
 - Tell me about a time when you disagreed with your manager and how did you resolve it\
 - Do you have experience with user testing\
 - What are your strongest design capabilities?\
 - What is your greatest weakness?\
 - What would your co-workers say about you?\
 - When was a time you had to ask for help because you didn\'92t know the solution?\
 - How do you like to learn?\
 - Describe a user testing pain point and how you resolved it with your team?\
 - Tell me about a non UX experience and how that experience makes you a better UX designer?\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
}